Xsup 27483/Report Object References (#29327)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedDHS/ReleaseNotes/2_0_20.md

#### Integrations

##### DHS Feed v2

> - Added support for the **Report Object References** indicator field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- STIX report indicators pulled from the feed will now contain the *Report Object References* indicator field, which holds the IDs of related indicators.
```
update where needed
